We notice from the draftsman plot that there exists a negative relationship between LSTAT and MEDV. The value of 
correlation between these two variables is -0.7376627, which indicates that increasing values of LSTAT 
corresponds to decreasing values of MEDV.

As can be seen from the plot, there is not a linear relationship between these two variables. We may want to 
fit a quadratic model and a cubic model to evaluate which model shows the best performance in
representing the relationship between MEDV and LSTAT.

From the plot, it seems to me that the cubic regression model and the quadratic regression mode capture the relationship 
between LSTAT and MEDV better than linear regression model does. However, it is difficult and unconvincing
to visually assess the model fits and determine which one is the best. Therefore, I computed SSE to 
evaluate and compare these three model fits.

The cubic model has the smallest sum square residual, which indicates that the difference betwwen model
predictions and the real data is smallest. We can tell that the cubic model shows a better performance in
representing the relstionship between LSTAT and MEDV in comparison with the linear model and the quadractic model.


I decided to add two more explanatory variables to the model and compare multiple regression model to the cubic model and the linear above.
The multiple regression model has three explanatory variables, which are LSTAT, TAX, and B.
The multiple regression model has a greater sum square residual in comparison with the cubic model, which suggests that the cubic model produces a better fit.
Meanwhile, the multiple regression models shows a better preformance in predicting the MEDV than the single linear regression model.
So, I did t-test (via summary function) to evaluate the significance of the three explanatory variables. Only two variables, LSTAT
and TAX are statistically significant. Overall, the inclusion of the "LSTAT," "B," and "TAX" variables explains more of the variability of the data, which indicates that there is a significant improvement over the smaller model.
